The goal of this soundscape narrative is that, as a freelance artists, I must demonstrate to potential clients that I am thorough when creating a story; I consider the mundane things to make it feel immersive and concise.
It matters to my audience because they are browsing my past works to see if they are getting their money's worth if they decide to make a commission with me. I do this by making sure I take into account all possible variables in a story, whether it be part of the environment, background or secondary storylines.
Potential clients will be able to abstract my attention to detail to my actual work in drawing/painting/digital art and feel confident about my abilities and the value they get for my set price.

This soundscape narrative has sa story that can be interpreted one of many ways; here's one:
We start with a sailor battling an intense storm at sea on his ship, until all of a sudden, the ship capsizes and the sailor falls into the sea, quickly becoming unconscious. The sailor then wakes up on a beach, surrounded by some seagulls. The sailor starts walking around to get a feel of his surroundings 
and catches the sound of a lullaby in the distance. Entranced, the sailor starts walking torwards the source of lullaby, gradually getting closer as the lullaby gets louder. The sailor encounters some sort of cave 
with a stone slab door, so they decide to open it given that the lullaby seems to originate from inside. Once opened, the sailor lights up a torch, starts walking past some bats and starts hearing some sort of crystal.
As the character keeps walking deeper into the cave, the sound of the crystal as well as the lullaby get louder and louder until the lullaby stops, the sailor's torch goes out and the sound of the crystal begins to fade.

The elements/techniques used that I am proudest of are:
- Using the sound of a bird flapping away to indicate the sailor waking up after being washed ashore, since being on a beach means that there's probably seagulls and would not be afraid to approach an unconscious, immobile person. The fact that these seagulls "flap" away is to indicate that the character has woken up, made a sudden movement that scared them away.
- The use of a faint lullaby that sounds louder the more the character "approaches" its source. This is meant to drive the plot forward after waking up on the shore; to give the character a reason to go somewhere rather than feel helpless being stranded ashore on an island. If you pay close attention, you'll see that the character first walks around before stopping, presumably from hearing the faint sound of the lullaby, which then either intrances him, hypnotices him or intrigues him to go to the source, either willingly or unwillingly.
- The use of the sound of a torch being lit up right after the character enters the cave and the torch going out after reaching the "source" of the lullaby inside the cave. This creates an open-ending with various interpretations for the listener to speculate as to what may have happened to the sailor once they reached the source of the lullaby; is it a siren luring a naive sailor as prey? perhaps it's a 
magical object that teleported the sailor somewhere else, or maybe the stone is radioactive and the sailor unknowingly succumbed to radiation poisoning inside the cave. It is up to the listener to interpret whichever ending they think befell the character.
