My soundscape narrative has undergone massive changes in its story the moment I started working on it; my originally proposed storyline revolved around a silent explorer traversing diverse terrain biomes, with the 
motivation of the explorer being a certain type of structure that is located within different environments. Inside of these structures the explorer will find a piece of some sort of puzzle until he visits all of 
them to complete it. My original design of the puzzle would have been be an instrumental song where every piece he collects was either a chronological piece of it or an instrumental arrangement of an ensemble of it.
When I started, it was easy to find royalty-free sounds of a person walking on different types of terrain and environmental sounds. However, when it came to finding a royalty-free song that was an ensemble and each 
instrument of the ensemble was its own isolated sound file, the search proved far too difficult. I tried settling for a music-box style song whose tune was simplistic enough to splice into separate contiguous parts, 
however, there came another problem: time constraint. If I followed through with my original story, I would have to play not only the new part of the song everytime the explorer entered one of these structures but 
also all of the ones he had previously found, leaving me with significantly less time to convey the exploration part of the story. Additionally, I found it hard to convey a sense of distance in order to indicate that 
the character was travelling far and wide for his goal; it was hard find some sort of sound that was able convey time-skipping as it would otherwise be extremely repetitive for the listener. Because of these factors, 
I decided to change the story; instead of repeating all of the previous parts of a song, I would simply play an entire song once and make it be the motivation that drives the explorer to an unknown structure. Doing so 
reminded me of the folktale of sirens where sailors would get lured or hypnotised into going into the water, and subsequently their deaths because of a song. I wanted to take this and spin it into a more positive, 
exploration-themed story, so I settled on the explorer being a sailor that got stranded ashore after a storm; this would give the character some form of motivation to explore after waking up, presumably to find a way 
off the island. I ended up choosing song that mimicked a siren's call, which had no instrumentals, only vocals and sounded mystifying enough to draw someone's atention. I also retained the plot element of there being 
something inside the structure for the explorer to obtain, however, after drawing multiple blanks on what the reward should be, I decided to leave that part as an open-ending that is meant to induce multiple possible 
endings for the listener. Overall my design process reflects one of adaptation and recycling ideas; after realizing that some plot elements could not be executed properly with just sounds, I opted to use the ones that 
did to serve a different storyline that made use of sounds in a far more effective manner.
